Enhance docs with GitBook (#398)
src-d/lookout: docs/analyzers-examples.md

# Examples

_Please refer to [**lookout-sdk** docs](lookout-sdk.md) to see how to locally test an analyzer without accessing GitHub._

> **lookout-sdk** repository contains a [quickstart example](https://github.com/src-d/lookout-sdk/blob/master/examples) &mdash;implemented in Go and in Python&mdash; of an Analyzer that detects the language and number of functions for every file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **lookout-sdk** repository contains a [quickstart example](https://github.com/src-d/lookout-sdk/blob/master/examples) &mdash;implemented in Go and in Python&mdash; of an Analyzer that detects the language and number of functions for every file.
```

## Golang

> You can run [language-analyzer.go](https://github.com/src-d/lookout-sdk/blob/master/examples/language-analyzer.go) running from **lookout-sdk** directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute [language-analyzer.go](https://github.com/src-d/lookout-sdk/blob/master/examples/language-analyzer.go) running from the **lookout-sdk** directory:
```

```shell
$ go get -u examples
$ go run examples/language-analyzer.go
```

## Python

> You can run [language-analyzer.py](https://github.com/src-d/lookout-sdk/blob/master/examples/language-analyzer.py) running from **lookout-sdk** directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute [language-analyzer.py](https://github.com/src-d/lookout-sdk/blob/master/examples/language-analyzer.py) running from the **lookout-sdk** directory:
```
